README.md, before:

# Railway Operation Simulator Template Map 
A brief description of what the map represents, including era, whether the route is fictional and the level of difficulty.

**NOTE: Asynchronous route building is NOT supported, `.rly` files are not designed such that two versions can be combined by git. For route development contribution you must instead alternate between contributor making sure to pull the latest version before adding to it yourself.**

|[Edit this README and Remove this table] This repository should contain ultimately:|
|:-------|
| The name of your repository should follow convention of `<2 letter country code>-<name of route>`, e.g. `US-NorthEastCorridor`.|
| An image of the route in BMP format within the `Images` folder.|
| The completed railway `.rly` file or if in development `.dev` file in the `Railway` folder.|
| At least one complete timetable within the `Program_Timetables` folder.|
| At least one session for each timetable, with preferred directions set placed in the `Sessions` folder.|
| Documentation describing background to the route and operations tips within the `Documentation` folder. This can include any maps/useful information as well. The recommended format for the documentation is PDF to be universally accessible, an optional template has been added for ease.|
| Optionally a `Signal.hnd` file as a hint to what side signals are traditionally placed on the route.|
| The table below, image of the state of the map, and the data sources should be updated regularly. In the table the statuses of not completed, completed and needs verification are represented by the icons:<br><img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/1632/1632596.svg" height="24"><img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"><img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/1828/1828833.svg" height="24">|

![Image of Current State of Map](Images/image_name.bmp)

## Current Status

| Stage         | Status        |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| Track Plan     | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Signalling      | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24">      |
| Naming | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24">      |
| Speed Limits | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Distances | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Timetable | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Documentation | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |


## Data Sources

- A List of links pointing to various sources
- For example:
- [Carto Metro Paris Metro Map](http://carto.metro.free.fr/cartes/metro-paris/)

Status icons by Freepik, pixelmeetup, Pixel Perfect on FlatIcon.com *do not remove this line*.

Commit message:

Added railway, image and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Antwerpen Centraal
Simulation depicting the railway network south of Antwerp Central railway station in the city of Antwerp, Belgium.
The network is operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB). 

![Image of Current State of Map](Images/Antwerpen_Centraal.bmp)

## Current Status

| Stage         | Status        |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| Track Plan     | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/1632/1632596.svg" height="24"> |
| Signalling      | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/1632/1632596.svg" height="24">      |
| Naming | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24">      |
| Speed Limits | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Distances | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Timetable | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |
| Documentation | <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/390/390914.svg" height="24"> |


## Data Sources

- [Seinhuis Antw.-Berchem : Treinschema's by TreinTeLaat (Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWOSN8neHZw)
- [Pov Brussel-Midi/zuid to Antwerp Central by train part 2 by Jen (Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrwFetQ8PVw&t=808s)
- [Seinhuis Antwerpen-Berchem by Spoorpunt.nl (Flickr)](https://www.flickr.com/photos/spoorpunt/8079995406)

Status icons by Freepik, pixelmeetup, Pixel Perfect on FlatIcon.com.
